app/vmui: add per-instance favicon color customization (#1646)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): add an option to customize the favicon color. This makes it easier to distinguish between instances opened in multiple browser tabs. See [#1634](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1634).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): add an option to customize the favicon color. This makes it easier to distinguish between different installations opened in multiple browser tabs. See [#1634](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1634).
```
